# Xiao Bo's Project Portfolio Page

## Overview

DinEz is a CLI application intended to help user to manage the menus and orders of a restaurant.
It is written in Java and has about 2kLoC.

### Summary of Contributions

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2113-ay2324s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=functional-code&since=2024-02-23&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=Xb990219&tabRepo=AY2324S2-CS2113-F14-2%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=functional-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)


*  **New Feature**: Design and implement the overall structure of the application, including the main logic, order logic of the application.
  * What it does: Combine different features into the same class, making the application more maintainable and extensible.
  * Justification: Mainlogic class is the core of the application, it is responsible for the overall logic of the application, including the logic of the order, menu, 
    and the storage. Each command will be executed by the mainlogic class, and future development can be easily added by extending the mainlogic class. 
    OrderLogic class is entered from the Mainlogic class, it is responsible for the logic of the order, including the logic of adding, deleting, and listing the order.
    This design makes the application more maintainable and extensible.
  * Highlights: Utilise different level of abstraction to separate the logic of the application, making the application more maintainable and extensible.

*  **New Feature**: Add Order commands, including AddOrderCommand, DeleteOrderCommand, ListOrderCommand, etc.
  * What it does: Allows users to add, delete, and list orders in the application.
  * Justification: Restaurant managers need to be able to create orders and add item to it, this feature enables restaurant managers to create orders in the application.
  * Highlights: Utilise Stream to avoid potential bugs and optional to avoid null pointer exception, making the code more readable.

*  **New Feature**: Add order and item models.
  * What it does: Allows users to create orders and add items to it.
  * Justification: These models are the core of the application, they are responsible for storing the orders and items, and the logic of the application is based on these models.
  * Highlights: Utilise Stream to avoid potential bugs and optional to avoid null pointer exception, making the code more readable.

* **Project management**:
  * Managed and assisted release `v1.0` on GitHub.

* **Documentation**:
  * **User Guide**:
    * Add documentation for FAQ
    * Add documentation for some order and menu commands
  * **Developer Guide**:
    * Add documentation for the overall architecture and Mainlogic component.
    * Add sequence diagram for the overall architecture and Mainlogic component.

* **Community**:
  * 